Long ago, there existed a flower with magical healing powers. A witch used the flower to retain her youth. The flower was used to heal the city's ailing queen. Shortly afterwards she gave birth to rapunzel with golden hair. The witch realized that the magic of the flower is in Rapunzel's golden hair so she kidnapped Rapunzel. You are going to solve puzzles and free Rapunzel from the witch.
The witch kept Rapunzel in a tower where she grew up in captivity. The witch told Rapunzel the outside world is dangerous so she should never go out of the tower. Rapunzel thought the witch was her mother and took her advices well. A thief arrived at the tower one day while the witch is not around to steal. solve this puzzle to help Rapunzel catch the thief. 
Rapunzel caught the thief and tied him up. She wanted to see the town lanterns which always lights up only on her birthday. She agreed to release the thief only if he promise to take her to see the lights. Solve this puzzle to make sure the thief keeps his promise.
The witch found out about Rapunzels escape. She sent goons to capture Rapunzel and the thief. The goons brought them to the witch. She stabbed the thief and gagged Rapunzel. The thief is bleeding to death now. But rapunzel's hair has the power to heal him but the goons will not allow it. Solve this puzzle to make the goons allow Rapunzel to heal the thief.
Rapunzel cut off her hair to heal the theif, but immediately the hair cuts off its magic is destroyed. The witch suddenly became old. She trips and falls out of the window. The thief has stopped breathing, the only thing that can save him is Rapunzel's tears which also has magic. Solve the puzzle to save the thief.
The thief is now healed thanks to Rapunzel's tears. Now they want to go back to the castle. But they have to get past the goons territory which will be dangerous for them. Solve this puzzle to get them past the goons territory and get to the castle.
The two returned to the kingdom and Rapunzel reunite with her parents. The thief is pardoned for his crimes. He and Rapunzel eventually married and lived happily ever after.
