Long ago, a fairy turned a handsome prince into a hideous beast due to his \r\n selfishness. The only way to break this curse is if he finds  true love despite his ugliness. You are going to help the Beast find a true love and break the curse. His life is at stake.
A merchant on his return journey home unknowingly seeks shelter in the Beast palace. He eats and drinks and spend the night in the castle. When leaving he stole a rose from the garden and was caught. The merchant begs to be set free and that the rose was for his daughter Beauty. The Beast agrees to let him give the rose to Beauty, but only if the merchant brings Beauty to him else he will destroy his family. Solve this puzzle to convince the Beast to release the merchant.
When the merchant reach home he told Beauty about the incident that happened. His brothers say they will go and kill the Beast but their father stopped them. Eventually Beauty decided to go to the castle. Solve this puzzle to help Beauty get to the castle.
The Beast receives her graciously and informs her that she is now mistress of the castle. For several days she eats and drinks like a queen. But Beauty has grown homesick and asks the Beast to allow her visit her family. Solve this puzzle to help beauty see her family again. Do this for Beauty.
Her sisters saw her dressed nicely and well fed. They got jealous of her. Gaston is her cousin who wants to marry her but she does not love him. He heard the story from her sisters. He lead a mob to kill the beast. The only way to save the Beast is to get Beauty back to the castle. Solve this puzzle to take Beauty back to the castle. Do this for the kind-hearted Beast.
On reaching the castle, Beauty found the Beast dead on the ground. Beauty began to weep and was surprised how much deeply  she felt for the Beast. She realized she loved. Solve this puzzle let Beauty say she loves the Beast. 
The moment Beauty said she loved the Beast, he transformed into a handsome prince. The curse is broken. They married and lived happily ever after. Congratulations! You have completed the story.
