Cinderella, once upon a time,  a gentlemen lived with his wife and beautiful daughter Cinderella. His wife died and he married his second wife who had two daughters. Cinderella's step mother began to treat her really bad. She made her own daughters rest and Cinderella does all the work. You are going to solve this puzzles and save Cinderella from the cruelty of her step mother.
The step mother has ordered Cinderella to the meanest jobs in the house. She will rub the step mother's  bathroom, do the house chores, fetch water for the house and mend torn clothes. If she does not complete her works she will not not eat. Solve the puzzle to help Cinderella complete her works. She is counting on you.
The city prince had a ball. He invited all the prominent houses in the city including Cinderella's house. The step mother and her daughters dressed nicely and left for the ball leaving Cinderella in rags. Cinderella began crying, she wished she had a beautiful dress to go for the ball. Solve this puzzle to grant her wish.
A fairy godmother appeared, she used magic spell to turn Cinderella's rags to a very beautiful dress. She turned her slippers to glass shiny ones none like any other. Cinderella went to the ball and the Prince overwhelmed by her beauty wanted to dance with her. While dancing she realized her spell will last till midnight so she has to get home before the spell is off. Solve the puzzle to help her get home.
Cinderella run home in a hurry forgetting one of her glass slippers. The prince found the slipper and vowed to find the woman whose leg fits the slippers. Many women tried it on but it did not fit. Cinderella was locked in her room by her step mother. Solved this puzzle to help the prince find Cinderella.
The prince found Cinderella's house. All the rooms have been searched except the locked one. The step mother said no one is in the room but the prince insist the room be opened. Solve this puzzle to open the door.
The door opened, Cinderella wore the shoe and it fits. The prince has finally found his love. They married and lived happily ever after.